c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.dll
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.pdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.MasterPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.HomePage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.CSSPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.JavascriptPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.HtmlPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.dll
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.pdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.dll.mdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.dll.mdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.dll.mdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.dll.mdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\obj\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.dll.mdb
c:\users\juanra\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\MasterDetailPageExample\bin\Debug\MasterDetailPageExample.dll.mdb
